International Student and Scholar Services (ISSS)
International Student & Scholar Services (ISSS) centralizes immigration advising resources and co-curricular support programming for international students and scholars on campus. Our goal is to serve the needs of our international students and scholars and to enhance their experience in the United States and to integrate them into our community, while also contributing to their success during their tenure at SJSU and beyond.

Immigration Guidelines for Spring 2021
Please note that the Student Exchange Visitor Program (SEVP)has not yet released guidance regarding the spring 2021 semester. However, we have been informed the guidance will remain similar to that of  fall 2020. We will email you and update our website as soon as we learn more. At this time, travel abroad remains risky and we ask that you take extra precautions and review the CDC guidelines regularly before you travel. We strongly encourage you to remain in the United States and to not travel abroad. 

The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) announced on Tuesday, January 12th, that effective Tuesday, January 26th, all air passengers entering the United States will need to provide a negative COVID-19 test before boarding their flight. Here is a short video with more information from the Student Health Center. In short, you will need: 1) to get your COVID testing completed within 3 days of your departure; 2)
provide written confirmation of your negative test results to the airline before boarding (previouslys infected passengers can provide documentation of their recovery in lieu of a negative test result); 3) get tested again within 3-5 days of arrival and self-isolate for one week or more.

We will continue to update our FAQ page for current and new students as we learn more. Please know that we remain committed to all of our Global Spartans, current and new. We appreciate your patience as we continue to work diligently to interpret and put into practice this new development to provide you with the best advice we can.

SJSU prides itself on being a diverse, global and welcoming campus. You are part of the Spartan community and your global perspectives and ideas are greatly valued. We know that you will continue to thrive within our Spartan community.

News & Updates 
IRS Tax Filing Deadline Extension -- The IRS has extended the tax filing deadline to May 17, 2021. For more information, please read the Sprintax Blog post on this topic. 
USCIS announces flexibilities for students impacted by the delayed receipt processing of their post-OPT and STEM OPT applications -- Learn more by going here. 
Free Access to Sprintax Tax Preparation! -- Once again, Sprintax and ISSS have teamed up to provide free tax filing assistance for the first 600 students who sign up! In order to sign up for your free tax preparation, please do the following:                                                                                                        1. Register and follow the simple                  instructions                                          2. Complete the online questionnaire
3. Enter your unique code:                            SpR20SJSU601F in the box on the          ‘Review your order’ page
4. Sprintax will prepare your tax return        
Sprintax Spring 2021 Tax Webinars -- Please go here for links, dates, and times for virtual Tax-Filing workshops offered by Sprintax. 
Spring 2021 Post-Completion OPT and STEM-OPT Extension Workshops -- ISSS will be offering a series of OPT workshops during the Spring 2021 semester. Please go here for more information. 
President Biden revokes "Muslim and African travel bans" and initiates other executive orders on January 20, 2021 -- Read more by going here.
New Chicago Lockbox Address for Post-Completion OPT and STEM-Extension OPT I-765s! -- USCIS has recently changed their lockbox direct filing address for the I-765 (OPT) application form to a Chicago address per the USCIS website. Please go here to view the new Chicago Lockbox direct filing address. Please send your I-765 + application materials to the Chicago Lockbox address!
Spring 2021 Post-Completion OPT Application Timeline -- We have updated the Post-Completion OPT Tutorial to reflect the Post-OPT application timeline for Spring 2021 Graduates. We will start acccepting Post-OPT I-20 Request Forms for the Spring 2021 semester on February 26th, 2021. 
Sprintax Blog Post on Second Stimulus Payments -- Curious about the second round of stimulus payments and how it may affect international students/ nonresidents? Then please read the following blog post from Sprintax about the additional stimulus payments to find out more information. 
DHS (Department of Homeland Security) & ICE Imposter Scam Alert! -- Please review our Scam Alerts webpage to find out how to prevent and report a scam. 
New ISSS Views & News Blog! -- ISSS has just launched a new Blog! Please subscribe here.
I-765 Fee Increase SUSPENSION -- A federal judge has implemented a preliminary injunction (temporary suspension) of the proposed USCIS application fee increases, including the I-765, which were slated to go into effect on Friday, October 2nd. Please read the following article from Forbes for more information about the injunction. 
Important OPT updates! -- 1) please be sure to use the latest I-765 form for applications postmarked on or after 08/25/2020; 2) USCIS allows for temporary use of I-797 approval notices due to delayed EAD production;read more here. 
Front Desk Q/A Zoom -- Have a quick question? If so, instead of booking an advising appointment, join us for Front Desk Q/A Zoom. Mondays through Fridays. Please go here to review exact dates and times. 
F-1 FAQ for Covid-19-- We have compiled a FAQ list based on your queries from our virtual Town Hall Meetings. This FAQ addresses travel, employment, online courses, Credit/No-Credit courses, etc. during the Covid-19 pandemic. Prior to scheduling an appointment with us, please review this FAQ.
ISSS services move online --Effective 03/17/2020, all ISSS operations will continue remotely. You will be able to schedule a zoom advising session with our advisors by going here.
Please go here for updates on SJSU's response to the COVID-19 virus. You may also visit the Santa Clara County Public Health Center's website for the latest updates of coronavirus in Santa Clara County. 
Global Connections for Spring 2021!--Join our weekly Global Connections meetup to connect with people from around the world, explore cultural topics, and learn tips for improving your overall well being. Open to all students.


Applicants must meet the following admission requirements.

U.S. bachelor’s degree from a regionally accredited institution, or the completion of a 4-year bachelor’s degree from a recognized, accredited, and approved institution from a country outside of the U.S. 
A 2.5 institutional or college cumulative GPA (from the 0.0 - 4.0 U.S. grading scale) in the last degree completed, or a 2.5 GPA in the last two years of full time study. Please note that individual program requirements may have a higher GPA requirement. 
Good academic standing at the last institution attended.
English Language Proficiency Exam, if necessary.  
 
*3-year degree holders see options for eligibility.  

Now that you’ve reviewed the graduate SJSU requirements, review our Graduate Degree Program Requirements page and the deadline to submit your Cal State Apply application.

Also, see step-by-step required documents for admission at Want to Apply.

What is the email of Dan Harkey?
What is the email of Vinodh Gopinath?
How many courses are in SJSU?
How many courses are taught by Dan Harkey?
What is the deadline to pay Fall 2021 Tuition Fee?
What are the pre-requisites for Master’s in Software Engineering at SJSU?
How to apply for graduation?
Where is location for CMPE 255 office hours?
How to request for travel I-20 at SJSU?
Who is the professor for CMPE-273?
Where can I find Bursar’s office?
What are some of the student clubs for Computer Science students?
Library Timings?
Where can I find printers on-campus?
What are the office hours of a Professor?
How many min credits are required to enroll in a semester?
What is minimum of courses one needs to enroll in MS?
What is the maximum number of courses one can take in a semester?
What are the steps to apply for SSN?
Is SSN mandatory to do a job on campus?
What are prerequisites for GWAR?
What are the prerequisites of course 255?

